PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/columnWidths.md

---
##### shortDescription
<!-- Description goes here -->

> Allows to specify custom width for the exporting columns of the DataGrid. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Transfer the second sentence to the fullDescription.

Reviewer 2: Fixed

> Allows to specify custom width for the exporting columns of the DataGrid. Uses the measure units, which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor **of** the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

(убрать запятую перед which)

---
##### shortDescription
<!-- Description goes here -->

> Specifies a custom width for the exporting DataGrid columns.

Reviewer 3: Can we change "exporting" to "exported"?

> Specifies a custom width for the exporting DataGrid columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a custom width for the exported DataGrid columns.
```

> Allows to specify custom width for the exporting columns of the DataGrid.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Specifies a custom width for the exporting DataGrid columns.
```

---
<!-- Description goes here -->

> Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Uses the measure units that are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.
```

> Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.
```
